Filling in the docs and fixing a couple of bugs (#1)
DripEmail/gurgler: README.md

        "slackChannel": "#deployments"
      },
      {
        "key": "production",
        "ssmKey": "/production/asset-checksum",
        "serverEnvironment": "production",
        "label": "Production",
        "slackChannel": "#deployments"
      }
    ],
    "localFilePaths": [
      "./dist/my-asset.js"
    ],
    "slackWebHookUrl": "http://hooks.slack.com/services/Something/Something/Something",
    "slackUsername": "Something",
    "slackIconEmoji": ":something:",
    "githubRepoUrl": "https://github.com/User/repo"
    }
}
```

You will probably need change every value in this config to suit your needs.

## How does it work?

Gurgler depends on the following.

 - You're using S3 buckets to host your frontend assets.
 - It uses AWS Systems Manager parameter store to keep track of the checksum of the current "released" asset.

Gurgler has 2 commands.

### Deploy

Deploy uploads an asset to S3. It also attaches a bit of meta data to the asset including the git sha of the commit at the point at which the asset was built.

```
deploy <gitCommitSha> <gitBranch>  sends a new asset (at a particular commit on a particular branch) to the S3 bucket
```

### Release

> Release looks at your list of environments and lets you choose one. Then it looks at the list of your previously deployed assets and lets you choose an asset to release. It does my changing the value in the SSM parameter store. Finally it posts a message to a Slack channel using a webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release looks at your list of environments and lets you choose one. Then it looks at the list of your previously deployed assets and lets you choose an asset to release. It does this by changing the value in the SSM parameter store. Finally it posts a message to a Slack channel using a webhook.
```
